What functionalities do I want my music bot to have

1. Playing Capabilites:
    -- Should be able to play 
        any song (upload or yt link or search(USING YOUTUBE SEARCH ENGINE 
                                    OR LIBRARY? //Is that the word for it?)
    -- Sooo, youtube literally denies any request to stream a song from every discord 
        library so i physically can't do anything about that
        (Soundcloud should work though but I'll come back to that later)

2. Pausing and Resuming:
    -- need to be able to use pause and resume commands so the song 
        can stop and start at will --(This exists already)

3. Playlist / Music Queue:
    -- must be able to queue songs to play next once current
        song is over
        (Create a file that writes the name of the file )


4. AudioMix (!!!)
    -- the ability to crossfade into the next song (The Main Seller)
    -- Equalizing features? (Bass boosting, Vocal isolation, etc)

5. Creating Slash commands
    -- Program should be able to use '!' to indicate a command for the bot
        o Also! need to restrict bot to one channel so it doesn't get overloaded with messages

6. Looping functionalities:
    -- Program should be able to loop a song when asked to
    !! Song starts lagging after it loops once (hardware issue or server request issue?)

7. End/Skip feature
    -- Be able to stop/skip song at will 
        (either move onto next song in queue or stop playing
            all together) 

8. Duration (Check How long is remaining in song)
What do I currently have to lookout for (in terms of intricacies with the bot)

1. Staying in One VC
    - The bot should stay in its dedicated vc (Music or smth), and shouldnt
        be able to leave.

2. Making sure that !play feature isnt abused
    - If play is called while a song is currently playing, prompt user
        with 'are you sure' before song is forcefully changed

3. Cleanliness of code and portability
    - This is a usable project, the only working feature being play, pause
        and unpause, so far. Moving onward, the code should be cleaned up
        as well as every feature being grouped by files to make it more readable
        and user friendly

Random Notes***
    import { commands } from './commands.js' // This is how you import another class into a file



Future Possibilities:
    -- Incorporate AI, for music recommendations and unique responses (Lets Finish the Project First)